Diagnose misuse of the cleanup attribute (#80040)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Clang now applies syntax highlighting to the code snippets it
  prints.

> - Clang now provides improved warnings for the cleanup attribute to detect misuse scenarios,
>   such as attempting to call `free` on unallocated objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clang now provides improved warnings for the ``cleanup`` attribute to detect misuse scenarios,
  such as attempting to call ``free`` on an unallocated object. Fixes
  `#79443 <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/79443>`_.
```
